# Noise
During the testing phase, we evaluated the robustness of the Bayesian A2C model by introducing random Gaussian and adversarial noise to the images/frames.
This was done to simulate noisy environments that may be encountered in real-world applications.
The noise analysis was performed for both the proposed Bayesian (Bayes) and deterministic (DET) models to ensure a fair comparison of up to 200 epochs/episodes. 

The test phase for both models was conducted in the same environment, with the same amount of noise added to the environment.
We began with the weakest noise and gradually increased the noise complexity of the environments until the noisiest level was reached. We tested two different types of noise: Gaussian noise and adversarial noise.
Both types of noise were gradually increased in level to analyze the robustness of both models under unfamiliar, noisy conditions. 

### Gaussian 
During testing, we applied Gaussian noise, and the results were examined at seven different levels of noise.
We modified only the standard deviation (σ) from the Gaussian formula to apply multiple different levels of noise. 

We tested seven different noise levels [0.0001, 0.001, 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5], each with a total of 200 epochs/episodes per run.
We plotted a moving average and cumulative rewards in each run with a different noise level to examine the performance and, more importantly, the robustness between the two models: Bayesian A2C and the deterministic A2C. 

### Adversarial
We used the epsilon value to modify the strength of the attack added to the images for each run in the adversarial formula.
We tested six different noise attacks, with values of [0.0001, 0.001, 0.01, 0.05, 0.1, 0.2] for 200 epochs in each run. 

# Uncertainty Analysis
We conducted an uncertainty analysis to evaluate the performance and robustness of both models under noisy conditions.

### Variance vs Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR)
We compared variance and signal to noise ratio (SNR) to measure the uncertainty in the actions when images are noisy.
Variance measures how far or broad the prediction was compared to the mean of all past predictions.
SNR is the ratio of noise level added or the ratio between the original image value and the noise value that is generated by the adversarial model/attacker.

### Reward vs Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR)
We also analyzed the relationship between all rewards received from the 200 epochs in each noise level with respect to the SNR values for both Gaussian and adversarial noise.
The results are shown for both the Bayesian and deterministic models.
